as you probably know we have all been at
one time or another the doctor the
doctor the doctor the doctor the doctor
the doctor the doctor the doctor the
doctor the doctor and the doctor abides
by one simple code whatever problem
you're facing never be cruel or cowardly
never give up and never give it we're at
our best when we work together tonight
we have all come together together
together together together together
together together for one important
reason to praise salute and give the
heartfelt thanks to real-life special
doctors nurses and everyone everyone
working on the phone lines in our NHS
and care homes and hospices what you all
do and have done for all of us is
amazing it's crucial phenomenal
incredible inspirational and truly
life-saving thank you thank you thank
you
thank you
thank you thank you thank you thank you
[Music]
this was created as part of the beam 19
and we hope you like the videos and we
also hope that you'll click the link
below and make a donation because right
now our charities up and down the UK are
providing urgent and essential help to
those most in need so hopefully if your
hand in your pocket and give what you
can thank you